W-13721326 sftp pooling profile (#2348)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sftp/1.6/modules/ROOT/pages/sftp-documentation.adoc

* WHEN_EXHAUSTED_WAIT
* WHEN_EXHAUSTED_FAIL a| Specifies the behavior of the Mule component pool when the pool is exhausted. Possible values are:

> * `WHEN_EXHAUSTED_FAIL`, which will throw a `NoSuchElementException`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `WHEN_EXHAUSTED_FAIL`, which throws a `NoSuchElementException`. 
```

> * `WHEN_EXHAUSTED_FAIL`, which will throw a `NoSuchElementException`. 

Reviewer: Why so much use of future tense?

> * `WHEN_EXHAUSTED_WAIT`, which will block by invoking `Object.wait(long)` until a new or idle object is available. If a positive `maxWait` value is supplied, it will block for, at most, the specified number of milliseconds, after which a `NoSuchElementException` will be thrown. If `maxWait` is a negative value, it will block indefinitely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `WHEN_EXHAUSTED_WAIT`, which blocks by invoking `Object.wait(long)` until a new or idle object is available. If a positive `maxWait` value is supplied, blocks for, at most, the specified number of milliseconds, after which a `NoSuchElementException` is thrown. If `maxWait` is a negative value, it blocks indefinitely.
```

> * `WHEN_EXHAUSTED_GROW`, which will create a new Mule instance and return it, essentially making `maxActive` meaningless.  | WHEN_EXHAUSTED_GROW |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `WHEN_EXHAUSTED_GROW`, which creates a new Mule instance and returns it, essentially making `maxActive` meaningless.  | WHEN_EXHAUSTED_GROW |
```
